#summary Glossary of terms used in Project VINYL

This page will be used as a Glossary for terms used in Project VINYL.

----

*Admin*

Any User who works with VINL from a technical standpoint rather than using VINL as an educational interface; examples include a system administrator, technical support professional, database manager, etc.

*Announcement*

A text-only message which is posted to one or more Classes by a Teacher and which is visible to all Students in those Classes.

*Assignment*

A message posted to one or more Classes by a Teacher which is posted to one or more Classes by a Teacher and which is visible to all Students in those Classes; it contains a text description along with an optional due date and document(s) for Students to download.

*Class*

A collection of Students and one or more Teachers.

*Document*

A file in any format (text, images, etc.) that may be uploaded to, and downloaded from, VINL.

*Grade*

A numerical indicator of a Student's progress on an Assignment, uploaded by a Teacher and visible to the Student in question as well as any Teachers in the given class.

*LMS*

LMS stands for Learning Management System, a system used as a website to assist teachers and students.  http://rpilms.rpi.edu/webct/entryPageIns.dowebct  May be referred to as "RPILMS," "BlackBoard," or "WebCT," which are names for particular aspects of Rensselaer's LMS; "Moodle" and "Angel" are separate open-source LMSs from which VINL derives many of its features and capabilities.

*Quiz*

A set of questions created by a Teacher that a Student must answer, which may be either automatically graded when completed or forwarded to the Teacher for manual grading, at the Teacher's option.  May also be referred to as a "test," based on the scope and/or format of the Quiz.

*Reminder*

1) An automated reminder of a due date associated with an Assignment, given within a User-specified proximity to the deadline.  2) A note regarding an Assignment, Document, Quiz, etc. which a User may create for himself.

*Roster*

A list of Students in a given class, to which a Teacher may add or remove students and to which a Student may add or remove himself.

*Student*

A User with Student privileges (the ability to perform tasks described under the Student use cases).

*Teacher*

A User with Teacher privileges (the ability to perform tasks described under the Teacher use cases).

*Team Awesome*

Collectively, the developers working on this project: Russ Johnson, Jamie McAtamney, Bill Oparowski, Daniel Ploch, and Daniel Souza.

*User*

A collective term for a user of VINL, who may have Admin, Student, or Teacher privileges.  Also referred to as an "individual" if he has not yet been properly identified.

*VINL*

The teacher-oriented LMS which this project intends to create.  VINL is a recursive acronym for VINL Is Not LMS, illustrating Team Awesome's goal that RPILMS be replaced with this system.  The project as a whole, however, goes by the name Project VINYL (for VINYL Is Not _Yet_ LMS), so when documentation refers to this project, it may be written as either VINL or VINYL, and both are correct.