#summary Page for the development of Supplemental Specifications.
#labels Phase-Requirements,Elaboration

= Introduction =

_Include a complete set of requirements for your project.  Use the FURPS+ model to find any and all requirements for your project.  The functional requirement list must include requirements drawn out of the use cases.  All requirements must be numbered and have an assigned priority using a ranking system such as MoSCoW._

== Functionality ==


== Usability ==


== Reliability ==


== Performance ==
|| REQ # || Priority || Summary ||
|| P01 || S || System start up will take at most 2 minutes || 
|| P02 || S || System shut down will take at most 2 minutes||
|| P03 || C || System will respond to all user requests in at most 5 seconds ||

== Supportability ==
|| REQ # || Priority || Summary ||
|| S01 || S || System installation will take at most 10 minutes ||
|| S02 || M || System will support multiple languages ||
|| S03 || M || New module installation will not require changes to other modules ||

== + (Miscellaneous) ==
|| REQ # || Priority || Summary ||
|| M01 || S || At least 7 out of 10 test users will agree the system interface is user friendly ||

== Functionality ==
== Capabilities ==
Must be capable of storing user and class data in an SQL database.
Must be capable of storing uploaded files on the server for later retrieval.
Must be capable of offering different GUIs based on user privileges.
Must be capable of handling at least 100 concurrent student accesses at once.
== Security ==
Must store passwords in an encrypted format (MD5).
Must prevent students from accessing other students' information.
Must restrict teachers to accessing the information about students in their own classes.
Must prevent students from accessing teacher functionality.
Must prevent students and teachers from accessing admin functionality.
== Human Factors ==
Must use as few steps (button clicks/screens/etc.) as possible to accomplish a given task.
Must minimize clutter on each screen.
Must provide some form of user feedback.
== Usability ==
== Aesthetics ==
Must possess minimally-intrusive graphical background.
Must possess non-distracting color scheme.
Must label all user-interactive features as such (buttons/links/etc.).
Must possess unambiguous icons.
== Consistency ==
Must ensure similar design and format of screens throughout VINL.
Must use same icons/buttons/etc. Throughout VINL.
Must adhere to standard web protocol (standard menus/shortcuts/etc.) where possible.
== Documentation ==
Must display tooltips to denote functionality whenever possible.
Must provide explanation of all features and how to use them.
Must provide tutorial for first-time users.
Must provide FAQs if and when they are asked.
== Frequency and Severity of Failure ==
Must fail “gracefully” (error messages rather than crashes, etc.)
Must notify the user as to circumstances of failure.
Must exhibit partitioned failure—one failure shouldn't cause another component to fail.
== Recoverability ==
Must exhibit modularity—a single component can be fixed without altering others.
Must exhibit sufficient logging to allow fast determination of what error(s) occurred.
== Reliability ==
== Predictability ==
Must deliver same results every time a given command is used.
Must log any variations from normal behavior and the cause(s) thereof.
== Mean Time to Failure ==
Must last at least one scholastic year before catastrophic failure, to allow summer repair.
== Efficiency ==
Must load pages faster than 3 seconds under minimum load, 30 under maximum load.
Must use fastest methods for information retrieval/authentication/etc. wherever possible.