#summary Vision Statement for Project VINYL
#labels Phase-Requirements

== Executive Summary ==
VINL is a system designed to improve the educational process by providing an interface through which teachers can more freely communicate to their students, and students in turn can more easily understand and interact with the course material.  VINL is a centralized, web-based system with an intuitive and clean graphical interface for the transfer of data and utilization of specific appropriately useful internal applications.  VINL is geared towards its clients, with a genuine feedback system to make it more user-friendly, and to encourage a more robust design, so as to improve on its main competitor, RPILMS, which this project is intended to replace.

== Business Case ==
Our main competitor is an LMS know variously as RPILMS, Blackboard, and WebCT.  It is a preexisting learning management software which is competent at what it does, but it is full of flaws, has some feature bloat, does not have an intuitive interface, and does not respond to feedback of users.  Since it is proprietary software, over which its user have no control, it is unlikely to improve in the immediate future.

Flaws include the excess of features and unintuitive interface mentioned above, as well as lack of user-friendliness (bad layout and slow page activity), lack of useful features (no ability to download multiple files, problems with uploading files, clunky test-making interface, etc.), and general prevalence of bugs.

Because it is not a free/open-source LMS, RPILMS does not respond to or request user feedback, bug fixes are few and far between, and support is lacking in general.  As well, because it tries to appeal to every possible teacher, there are an excess of features which no one uses and a lack of features that _current_ teachers would find useful yet are unable to suggest.  Development has not progressed in the past several years for the same reason, and the RPILMS is desperately in need of an update.

Our main customers are teachers who currently use Blackboard and dislike it, students who are required to use some form of learning management software and would prefer something easier and more intuitive, and administrators who would like to use software that is cheaper and more reliable.
 
== Stakeholders ==
The main stakeholders in this project are, primarily, the developers of Team Awesome (Russ Johnson, Jamie !McAtamney, Bill Oparowski, Daniel Ploch, and Daniel Souza).  In addition, while the VINL developers are primarily self-managed, Team Instructor (consisting of John Sturman, Anita Kuchera, Tom Kiehl, and Raam Kumar Ganesan) is VINL's secondary group of stakeholders, and is assisting in a managerial capacity.

== Features ==
Main features of VINL include but are not limited to the ability to post, view, and download assignments, announcements, reminders, documents, and grades, as well as create, take, and score online tests and quizzes.

== Major Risks ==
External risks include potential legal roadblocks (i.e. copyright and/or trademark issues), existing errors with Moodle source code, etc.
Internal risks include lack of familiarity with the language in which the project is implemented (PHP and MySQL).